thoughts/README.md, before:

# I don't need a blog

Wednesday, November 27, 2024,  1:43:10PM EST

For a technologist, a blog dilutes my online presence. It is better to focus entirely on keeping a solid presence on GitHub with an actively maintained profile. Here's why:

**Readers already have GitHub**: Everyone I would ever want to interact with already has a GitHub account or should be getting one.

**Readers on GitHub are more respectful**: Compare even the worst conversation thread on GitHub with stuff on Reddit.

**Blogs have to embed code**: I remember Medium famously bragging about embedded GitHub gists. Why not just use GitHub as your blogging platform instead?

**Full GFM Markdown**: GitHub Flavored Markdown was invented at GitHub. There's never a question if the blogging platform is going to fully support it. Now that Katex is support there is even more reason to only write content on GitHub.

**Discoverability and SEO**: GitHub is already a high priority site when it comes to indexing by search engines. When people find me via a blog I have to beg them to follow me on GitHub and star my repos. If GitHub is the only place to find me that entire problem goes away.

**Engagement mutual recognition**: By pinning issues and encouraging engagement from readers they also get recognition as being "contributors" to the repo such as this one.

**Threaded issues**: Issues are way better than Reddit or Discord threads. Plus they are able to handle thousands of comments since they are designed to be historical references for very important development issues and planning. Comments on an issue already support GFM including a preview, which no other platform dedicated to threaded conversations currently does. Why would you *not* choose GitHub instead?

**Full CLI support**: You will never find a tool like the GitHub command line tool (`gh`) for interacting with Reddit or Discord of any of the others. It *dominates* the industry and is the single biggest reason second to total number of users that I will never leave GitHub.

**Powerful API**: The GitHub API is one of the best in the industry. It is constantly getting the attention it needs because GitHub fundamentally depends on it. The `gh` API integration just makes it all the better.

**Search engine built in**: That's right. GitHub has its own indexing and search of *any* content I ever write on it. Sure it isn't as pretty or pull up while I'm typing (like with mkdocs) but it also isn't bogged down by the limitations of having too much content.

**Longevity**: Content created on GitHub not only lasts forever after I die, but has a change to be stored in an vault in the Arctic. This is the same reason I'm not keen on domain names beyond `https://rwxrob.github.io` these days. Every other domain name will eventually cease to exist.

# I never needed a zettelkasten

Wednesday, November 27, 2024,  1:09:46PM EST

Ya know, I don't need a zettelkasten—especially now that I have Chloe (my AI) to help me get good answers to things as fast as possible.

Everything I would ever want to write down falls into one of the following categories, all covered by existing systems that are much better:

- **Random thoughts**: best in a single running log file, like this one
- **Educational**: best in [Code-Mage] or [Autodidactic] books
- **Tech tips**: best in a dynamic book like [Terminal Velocity]
- **Project news and notes**: best in the GitHub project or a pinned issue
- **Multimedia**: best on YouTube and other media hosting sites
- **Polished articles**: best in dynamic [books], an appendix, or maybe blog

People will be able to see how my thinking as changed just by looking at the version diffs of this file over time. A single file makes it easier to manage as well since there does not need to be a system at all. Search is entirely covered by GitHub itself. And people can chime in on thoughts by opening issues or adding a comment to the comments issue.

[Terminal Velocity]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books/terminal-velocity
[Autodidactic]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books/autodidactic
[Code-Mage]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books/code-mage
[books]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books

Commit message:

I want in-person meetups again

thoughts/README.md, after:

# Focus on in-person meetups

As much I love my livestream community, I really miss the experience of meeting people in person. This little break from streaming over the last few days has really reminded me of that. I'm a little embarrassed to admit how much more productive I have been without performing and getting side-tracked by the chat in my livestream. Those who follow me will say that this is "just a phase" and they are right. But it is an important one.

As I sit here typing this while listening to my wife's yoga music and watching
her do a downward-dog next to Sam (our dog) in front of the 60-inch
television with an ASMR cozy fireplace video playing I am reminded just how
important personal connection is. In fact, one of the reasons I have been so
wildly productive these last few days is because I have been sitting next to my
warm, cozy wife for most of it, which her feet snuggled into my thigh.

Even though I wasn't nearly as cozy with those I mentored at SKILSTAK, having them sit next to me and work on their stuff while I was as well, listening to great music and watching an ASMR on the big screen had a similar affect, on me and the person paying me to mentor them. I don't think I just *felt* more productive, I think we actually were. I want that again, for all of us.

# I don't need a blog

Wednesday, November 27, 2024,  1:43:10PM EST

For a technologist, a blog dilutes my online presence. It is better to focus entirely on keeping a solid presence on GitHub with an actively maintained profile. Here's why:

**Readers already have GitHub**: Everyone I would ever want to interact with already has a GitHub account or should be getting one.

**Readers on GitHub are more respectful**: Compare even the worst conversation thread on GitHub with stuff on Reddit.

**Blogs have to embed code**: I remember Medium famously bragging about embedded GitHub gists. Why not just use GitHub as your blogging platform instead?

**Full GFM Markdown**: GitHub Flavored Markdown was invented at GitHub. There's never a question if the blogging platform is going to fully support it. Now that Katex is support there is even more reason to only write content on GitHub.

**Discoverability and SEO**: GitHub is already a high priority site when it comes to indexing by search engines. When people find me via a blog I have to beg them to follow me on GitHub and star my repos. If GitHub is the only place to find me that entire problem goes away.

**Engagement mutual recognition**: By pinning issues and encouraging engagement from readers they also get recognition as being "contributors" to the repo such as this one.

**Threaded issues**: Issues are way better than Reddit or Discord threads. Plus they are able to handle thousands of comments since they are designed to be historical references for very important development issues and planning. Comments on an issue already support GFM including a preview, which no other platform dedicated to threaded conversations currently does. Why would you *not* choose GitHub instead?

**Full CLI support**: You will never find a tool like the GitHub command line tool (`gh`) for interacting with Reddit or Discord of any of the others. It *dominates* the industry and is the single biggest reason second to total number of users that I will never leave GitHub.

**Powerful API**: The GitHub API is one of the best in the industry. It is constantly getting the attention it needs because GitHub fundamentally depends on it. The `gh` API integration just makes it all the better.

**Search engine built in**: That's right. GitHub has its own indexing and search of *any* content I ever write on it. Sure it isn't as pretty or pull up while I'm typing (like with mkdocs) but it also isn't bogged down by the limitations of having too much content.

**Longevity**: Content created on GitHub not only lasts forever after I die, but has a change to be stored in an vault in the Arctic. This is the same reason I'm not keen on domain names beyond `https://rwxrob.github.io` these days. Every other domain name will eventually cease to exist.

# I never needed a zettelkasten

Wednesday, November 27, 2024,  1:09:46PM EST

Ya know, I don't need a zettelkasten—especially now that I have Chloe (my AI) to help me get good answers to things as fast as possible.

Everything I would ever want to write down falls into one of the following categories, all covered by existing systems that are much better:

- **Random thoughts**: best in a single running log file, like this one
- **Educational**: best in [Code-Mage] or [Autodidactic] books
- **Tech tips**: best in a dynamic book like [Terminal Velocity]
- **Project news and notes**: best in the GitHub project or a pinned issue
- **Multimedia**: best on YouTube and other media hosting sites
- **Polished articles**: best in dynamic [books], an appendix, or maybe blog

People will be able to see how my thinking as changed just by looking at the version diffs of this file over time. A single file makes it easier to manage as well since there does not need to be a system at all. Search is entirely covered by GitHub itself. And people can chime in on thoughts by opening issues or adding a comment to the comments issue.

[Terminal Velocity]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books/terminal-velocity
[Autodidactic]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books/autodidactic
[Code-Mage]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books/code-mage
[books]: https://rwxrob.github.io/books
